Glass shards can be welded to make glass, and metal rods can be welded to make metal. Ores can be welded too, but this takes a lot of fuel.
If you need to drag multiple people to safety, or a grave, bring a locker or crate over and stuff them all in before hauling them off.
You can grab someone by clicking on them with the grab intent, then upgrade the grab by clicking on them once more. An aggressive grab will momentarily stun someone, allow you to place Mekhi on a table by clicking on it, or throw them by toggling on throwing.
Holding alt and left clicking a tile will allow you to see its contents in the top right window pane, which is much faster than right clicking.
The resist button will allow you to resist out of handcuffs, being buckled to a chair or bed, out of locked lockers, bolas and more. Whenever you're stuck, try resisting!
There are dozens of chemicals out in the wastes that can heal, and even more that can cause harm. Experiment!
Some chemicals can only be synthesized by heating up the contents in the chemical heater.
Don't let the power go to your head. You may have drugs, great equipment, and a miniature army at your side, but even the greatest can fall.
Communicate and coordinate with your faction via handheld radio! Keep in mind, they won't work underground.
As a Raider, you can gain valuable goods, drugs, armor, and weapons by taking them from the weak.
As a Raider, you are beholden only to your lack of morals, you monster.
Before entering combat, make sure you ready all your advantages. Drugs, spare weapons, healing, friends.
Never give up, never give up, never give up, kill kill kill!
Only the strong and those who can be friends with the strong can survive.
The strong die when they get cocky and sure of themselves, blind of the spear they are running at.
The sharpest weapon you have is your mind.
Have mercy, it might save your life.
If things go wrong, don't be afraid to run and fight another day.
The wastes have plenty of loot, if you're willing to delve for it.
The most valuable loot isn't the shiniest, it's the friends you make.
Don't die.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Manage your inventory carefuly. Do you really need that eighth gun?
